 [applause] b* >> we shall not, we shall not be moved like a tree that's planted by the water we shall not be moved b* >> we shall not, we shall not be moved like a tree that's planted by the water we shall not be moved black and white together, we shall not be moved we shall not be moved like a tree that's planted by the water we shall not be moved >> one more time b* >> black and white together, we shall not be moved born like a tree that's planted by the water we shall not be moved like a tree that's planted by the water, we shall not be moved. like a tree that's planted by the water, we shall not be moved b* [applause] >> howard university choir, give them some love. [applause] >> wait a minute. before we go, the voice of progressive america who has been here from closing down george bush to stopping us from being trapped, brother mark thompson. >> we will continue to fight the power that seems to never cease for as long as we have no justice, they shall have no piece. no justice. >> no piece. eace, >> no justice. >> no peace. >> friends in, give him a round of applause. -- franklin richardson, give him a round of applause. [applause] >> it is appropriate that we would be here on dr. king's birthday. we often ask ourselves but what would martin luther king do? our movement didn't tend because people were tired. our movement continued. the only thing that stopped dr. king is what the fbi did. the same thing they are doing today. we must oppose the attorney general jeff sessions. we must stand up for our rights and we must do exactly as dr. king would have us do on his birthday. we have several other distinguished speakers to bring forward to you. first and foremost, please welcome a very active brother. you see him often representing the people of new york from the city council. and this is important because we need to allstate -- all start thinking about running for office ourselves. this brother sets the example. you make a difference on city council. you make a difference in local elected office. in this brother certainly is making a difference. please welcome the councilmember from brooklyn. [indiscernible] >> how are you doing from brooklyn? good to see you all out here. if you can't stand a little cold and rain, you might not make it the next few years. the last two years, people were asleep. everybody is woke now. don't be afraid. you got to come anyway. there is a book that i read to help us get through it. but joy, not just a smile. joy, not just happy. joy is coming in the morning. but it didn't say it would come easy. it didn't say it would come without a fight. and that means you have to be the light. we have to be in the dark a start to see the brightest star. tell them i will be your star. i will be your light. you be my star. you be my light. we will get it together. we will fight just a hold on for a little while longer. the joy will come. they never said it would be easy. hold on, because i know from where i speak. i am the descendent of a slave that just wanted to hold on to get us here. look back and say, thank god, i understood. we are just in an arc. it is not a. . you have done hold on to keep moving forward. no justice, no peace. isn't just a mantra. it is a moral edict. people ask her one and not the other. from sea to shining sea, hold on. it does, listen closely. your children's children are saying please, don't forget about us. hold on because we have the answer back. that we won't let you down. we will bring the torch to you. it might not be pretty. just hold on and keep fighting. hold on. hold on. keep fighting. we have to fight. >> give councilmember williams another round of applause. we know there is a war against organized labor. we have reason to believe this new president is going to continue that war. we have to stand up against it. welcome a young brother who's trying to be part of the union. we shouldn't take anybody for granted. dr. king gave his life for garbage workers. people that, to a lot of us, don't even matter. how many of us speak to sanitation workers? that he sacrificed his life for sanitation workers. when we leave to go to the airport, this is a brother working on behalf of us and ought to be treated fairly. he's a baggage handler at ronald reagan international airport. i don't even like the name of that airport. never should've named that airport that airport. is sciu here? doesn't sound like it. welcome trey. >> good afternoon, my beautiful brothers and sisters. i'm from ronald reagan national airport. on the bag runner and supervisor. the wear and tear on my body is very significant. i'm not just trying to improve my life, but the lives of millions of workers. can you hear me? that afternoon, my beautiful brothers and sisters. i'm a baggage runner and supervisor at ronald reagan international airport. i represent 100 people that work like myself, two or three jobs every day that don't have time to go home. they sleep in their car or sleep at the airport. some people are getting paid $5.25 an hour. i been at the airport for nine years and i never got a raise. it's only $8.25 an hour. that's not enough. we're not making nothing. no raise, no health care, no benefits. no nothing. now trump coming is in the white house and trying to take away obama care. i refuse to believe that we will give up. we will fight and to we keep obama care. under the trump administration, we are facing the darkest days. it is the anti-worker. the regulations and the companies -- [indiscernible] it's like the fox guarding the hen house. he makes more in a day than i do in a year. i don't know how it is possible to understand my struggles. that is why we are committed to work together to do whatever it takes to get a minimum $15 in the union. after we have more power in that fight, it becomes a national action network. they fight for $15 and a union. i know dr. martin luther king will be fighting for dignity and respect. they will hold us back in the world and we already have too many things holding us down. we stay strong and united. we get this respect we reserve. we fight, we win. we fight, we win. god bless america. thank you. >> give him around of applause. we are in solidarity with all of our diverse communities. and we can proudly say, finally, that marriage equality exists in america. that's what dr. kring -- dr. king would of done. it's what loretto scott king would have done. representing the human rights campaign. the reverend dr. macarthur. give him a round of applause. >> on january 14, people in the rain. it was cold and it was freezing. some of us were shivering but we understood there were something we had to do that was bigger than us. i understand many of you stand with the lgbt community. but i come to make a statement this afternoon that the lgbt community stands with you. let me put it another way. as the father of five and the grandfather of the most beautiful baby boy that walked the face of this planet. i stand with you today because i understand it's not just about us. it's about voting rights. it's about health care. it's about jobs. it's about the ability to worship in the way that we choose to worship. what i'm here to declare is that we are for justice for all. some of us are depending on us to take a step back. they want to separate us on what some of us believe. but we are not following for that trick -- falling for that trick anymore. we shall not be moved. black folks, white folks, latino folks, lesbian folks, straight folks, muslim, jewish, left, right. we shall not be moved. we are not threatened by our diversity but as the greatest first lady that ever lived, michelle obama, has said. it is our diverse city that makes us who we are. we have some difficult days ahead. but i declare before you, standing with me on 1.5 million members of the human rights campaign, that we stand together. we stand united to get it right. old people, young people, women, men, transgender, black, white. we shall not be moved. let's hear it for the human rights campaign. in spite of -- the brother that keeps the action on every weekend with our saturday broadcasts, the one that represents the masses in terms of his legal expertise. our friend and brother, your friend and brother, attorney michael hardy. give him a round of applause. he's going to wait. because we have another sister that's going to join us. >> no justice, no peace. voter suppression, no peace. police shootings, no peace. a mass incarcerations, no peace. violence against women, no peace. islamophobia. >> no peace. wax hate crime's and hate inspired violence. >> no peace. >> shootings inside our houses of worship. >> no peace. >> the rise of the alt right. no peace. photo id laws. economic inequality. barriers faced by people with criminal histories who are seeking a second chance. >> no peace. >> the schools and prison pipelines. racial profiling. wax no peace. >> we have made great progress but we can't afford to turn the clock back now. we can't allow them to hack our justice system. frederick douglass says that power concedes nothing without a demand. it never did and it never will. i am proud to stand up here today, representing civil rights lawyers across the country that are prepared to roll up their sleeves and fight. we will take this fight to court across our nation. we will do the hard work necessary to make sure this administration enforces our nation's federal civil rights laws and is not turn this nation back. karen a scott king opposed the nomination of mr. jeff sessions to become a federal judge in 1986. misses king said that jeff sessions abused the awesome powers of his office in an attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. we will not forget history. we will lift up the words and legacy of misses scott king and stand in opposition as attorney general of the united states. no justice, no peace. thank you. >> let's hear it for kristin clark. who want to bring him back now. attorney, the vice president michael hardy. >> brothers and sisters, we thank you for being with us today. history will say that we came in the cold. it will say we came in the rain. it will say that we came in peace. that we stood for justice. that we shall not be moved. god bless you. we are ready to fight, we are ready to stand. [captioning performed by the national captioning institute, which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. visit ncicap.org] [captions copyright national cable satellite corp. 2017] >> on this martin luther king day, a live picture from his memorial in washington. we have seen tourists in large numbers come and visit the area. we will take a look at the scene. >> our cameras here at the martin luther king memorial today and we will check back throughout the day. traveling to new york to meet with president-elect donald trump, we understand he just left but here is a look at his arrival today at trump tower. >> this week, we are featuring several public affairs simulcasts. we will kick things off with the larry o'connor show starting at 3 p.m. eastern here on c-span. the week ahead in congress includes key senate confirmation hearings for donald trump's cabinet choices. among those testifying in the coming weeks are nominees for hhs and education secretary and epa administrator. we talked to a capitol hill reporter to learn more. >> looking at some of the upcoming confirmation hearings. let's begin with tom price. representative price will be wednesday. what are the key issues you expect to be discussed? >> this is the man that will oversee the undoing of obama care. this will be a big deal for democrats. the ethics request at this point to look into the stock holdings that he has. it sort of gets to a broader theme, sort of focusing on these guys as individuals. this is the man that will be unraveling obamacare. they are also focused on these guys in the sense that they can make a bigger argument against trumps nominees. not exactly draining the swamp when you have somebody who is perhaps trading stocks related to the agency that they will oversee. >> liberals narrow their list of trump picks to target. tom price, the georgia republican congressman on that list. tell us about who we can expect to be asking the tough questions of tom price. >> this committee is filled with some big little names. they are focused on the policy battles here. expect to hear it from across the board. >> and other is for epa administrator nominee scott pruitt. what are the big issues we will hear about from his committee hearing. >> if anybody topped the list of concerns and talking to the senator last week, there is a theme that folks seek to undermine the agency. nobody means that more than scott pruitt. he is suing the epa and worked closely with energy companies to try to roll back the obama administration's environmental regulations. he will continue to be on the shore. chris van hollen has had against him. it is an antagonistic pick on trumps part. wax take a look at the education secretary. betsy devos. she will be before the senate education committee on tuesday. what a republicans and democrats saying about her nomination? >> betsy devos not known well outside of michigan but she helped create charter school plans. she is a big advocate of charter schools, school choice, vouchers, all things that am a kratz and teachers unions hate. democrats will focus on it. it was supposed to take place last week but was moved to this week as democrats got more information on her personal finances. she and her husband are incredibly wealthy and have donated a lot to republican campaigns over the years including jeb bush in the presidential race. they are interested it in her financial holdings, and they rode along letter criticizing her as having not enough experience. we expect to hear more about that, too. >> the senate correspondent for national journal. thank you for joining us with an update and some of the key confirmation hearings in the coming weeks. >> watch live coverage of more senate confirmation hearings this week on c-span and c-span.org. listen to the c-span radio at. next, al sharpton, cory booker, and terry mcauliffe joint civil rights leaders at the annual martin luther king jr. breakfast in washington dc. we will show you as much of this event as we can until the larry o'connell show starts at 3 p.m. eastern. [applause] >> happy king day. happy king day. there we go. now then, reverend sharpton, distinct guests and the honored friends with us. one of my favorite quotes is life's most persistent and pressing question is what are you doing for others? he was asking this many times of people who have very little, if anything. i have a lot of friends in this room. many of you know my story. many of you know because i told you about how my mom, i grew up in a small eastern washington town. my mom was a domestic part-time bus driver. dad was a construction worker. on-again off-again unemployed. the first member of my family to go off to school. deal the reason i was able to go to school is one of the white women my mom kept house for. this white woman heard my mom one day praying. debbie allen. she said, please, ma'am. she said, a lease -- elise, if it is at all possible and your son truly wants to go to school, my husband fred and i have decided that we will pay his way. and because of that, i was able to go to college. but as paul hervey used to say, the rest of the story, what are you doing for others? he would do this for people that had nothing. getting ready to go to college, senator booker. getting ready to leave from that church. those people came out there that had nothing. mr. dylan brought me a pot of greens. sister osborne had a peach i -- peach pie. tonya had a pound cake. she only gave me half a pound cake if i put it together. when mom got ready to give me all of the money because dad told her to, she realized she couldn't do it because she had another child at home. i had to take what she gave me and go with that. but i went off to college and everything worked t fine. today, as you get ready to go out, make sure you understand that if dr. king was here, you would want you to know it's not a day off. it's a day on. go out and do something to make this world a better place. pastor marquez ball will get us off and running. let us pray. we call upon you, lord god, because through the years, you have been sustaining oppressed people. elijah was tired and worn. you blessed him with it. not only that, you blessed grandma with the leftovers. lord god, we are praying now that you can bless the food we are able to have at the mayflower hotel because there are those that came before us who march to give us an opportunity to have this breakfast. the journey before us is long. and we need to be sustained. we are praying that as we are sharing on this day, honoring one of our long-lasting servants. we play -- pray that you will bless the food. that it will sustain us and encourage us to see what it's going to be. we love you, we praise you, and we thank you. in jesus name, amen. it gives me great privilege now to introduce a man that has picked up the mantle of civil rights in so many ways. he has opened up the doors for leadership in women in his organization when it was not cool to do so. he has made it possible, and you see these young people doing every manner of operation inside that organization. a man constantly on the run. the energizer bunny. he speaks truth to power. the loft and those that can't speak for themselves. he is being used as a stage where others can shine. a man who i can honestly tell you tripped me out when i first went to new york and met him. it is a place called a house of justice. he was there. ladies and gentlemen, anyone who can create a house of justice, we need to hear from them. and we will do just that. they brought all of us together with this idea. the reverend out sharpton. al sharpton: let me first wish everyone a happy king day. the fight to make a national holiday. the struggle for civil rights, take this day more seriously than those that just take a three day weekend. because dr. king represents the struggle for human rights and civil rights. and even this holiday is a result of a civil rights effort led by his wife, miss karen escott king if you look at the area -- if you look at everyone, they celebrated that last year. her last five healthy years would come every year. today, her son is among those in the president-elect. with donald trump, many of us marched on saturday kicking off king weekend. thousands of us despite the icy rain and despite the fact that there were all kinds of predictions about even worse weather. i thought about how ronald reagan once called martin luther king a communist. ronald reagan ended up having to sign to make today a federal holiday. the same ronald reagan that denounced dr. king is the same president that signed to make today a federal holiday. president-elect trump, in the spirit of ronald reagan, ought to call john lewis. [applause] he ought to deal with the issues of today. he ought to, on king day, be king like. don't act like on the national chess, don't behave like a pond if you've been made a king. it's time for us to get bigger. and that's what dr. king did. i hope he reaches out to john lewis. i hope that he and senator booker at some point with the congressional black caucus. to really deal with the issues that we marched about. voting rights, health care, and police reform, as well as jobs. we need serious discussion about serious achievement that need to be done in this society. we honor people his new york chapter of operation, that we honor on king day. on a holiday that we have to fight. and let me preface this by acknowledging them that come up that movement. where is mellon? and a member of our board. and he also passed senator cory booker that details even if he's not in his seat. tonya lombard. our first award today goes to a man that i feel has symbolized the first century politics. politics in this century is defined differently. but at the same time, it continues in the same boundaries. there are those that try to act like reaching people on a grassroots level is something new. politics has always been about the bottom-up rather than the top down. whether you are an elitist sitting in some ivy league school analyzing from an ivory tower. whether you're on social media talking to folks that already like you. you must break outside of your boundaries. and move the nation forward. this person has personified that as far as i've known them. he became involved on the ground. and was elected the mayor of north new jersey. he stayed on the ground for the state of new jersey. he has not been afraid to take positions that he knew would get him attacked from the right and the left. that is why he is so representative of the spirit of dr. king, and people that have reached levels to approach greatness. dr. king said, you measure a man or woman not by where they stand at the time of convenience, but where they stand at the time of controversy. if every decision you make is easy, it means you are just an easy person. real leaders face hard consequences. it is understood and took a seat to testify against a fellow senator for the office of attorney general. we work together and agree on something. but i am too principled cannot stand and say the definition of what the office he is being nominated for this not fit some of the positions he's taken. or that the war in vietnam is wrong. it is the spirit of dr. king and we give our first award from the national action network to the senator from new jersey, senator cory booker. [applause] cory always reminds me and how i say that john lewis and jesse in them are a generation ahead of me and i'm a generation ahead of his. i will jump down to show him i'm not that old. [laughter] [applause] senator booker: the reverend and i have known each other for a very long time. politics in the black community, you agree with someone one day and against someone the other day but you always know your brothers in the cause. i think most of my elections, and has been with me. he has always treated me with respect, dignity, and courtesy. he is slightly an elder. not that much. he has modeled, for me, what grace and being a gentleman is. for that and many other things, i am deeply appreciative. the fact that this is 25, now 26 years of the national action network. we are action. now more than ever, people have to remember what king talked about. one to work for it and struggle for it. it is not the vigil at words and -- vitriolic words and actions of bad people, but we know the words of frederick douglass. it wasn't until i prayed with my hands and my feet that i found the freedom. it is simply hoping something would happen. they put forward a monumental effort. it did not affect them personally. that is the thing we have to understand. the worst kind of privilege is the privilege that says there are serious problems out there, but they don't affect me. so they don't demand my engagement. i know that i/o a lot to my community. the last 20 years, i have lived in newark, new jersey's central ward. i have lived on martin luther king boulevard or 100 yards from it. i got my ba from stanford but my phd on the streets of newark. i will tell you right now, some of my greatest professors of my life i found in martin luther king boulevard. it is an incredible street. it has great colleges and universities. there was violence and drug dealing and challenges. in the project that i eventually lived in for eight years, they stood me up and said, what do you see around you? the problems with the street and she said, you can never help me. i remember running after this elderly woman and grabbing her from behind -- very respectfully, mind you. the world you see is a reflection of what you have inside of you. if you only see problems, that's all it will ever be. but if every time you open your eyes, you see hope, you see the face of god, and you can be one of those people that helped me. i was still a lawsuit. working with great leaders like virginia jones. nothing are done in my life has set aside me more -- satisfied me more than taking on the bad actors in that community. when i moved into those buildings, the lessons i learned more often came from my brokenness then my successes. it came from my failures. that's what i want to share with you today. understanding that we come from a broken reality. do we sit here today and comfort, somebody is perhaps serving the food today that works a full-time job and still lives at or below the poverty line. understanding that we live in this broken reality is knowing that we sit here today knowing that children that are homeless, 14% are gay and lesbian teens because they are still facing outrageous hatred and bigotry. we have such violence against gay and lesbians. we live in a broken community that instead of dealing with issues of mental health, instead, we stigmatize it and take an inordinate amount in our jails and prisons. we stand here today in a time of brokenness. the environmental toxins in which kids live in. i was living in these buildings, chasing after the big goal and the big dream. activism just doesn't happen during presidential campaigns. it has to be an everyday choice that you make. i would come home at night. i lived on the 16th floor. i tell you, one of them was my dad. raised by his grandmother for a time and born poor. my friend hassan washington. these kids, i watch them grow up. i watch the election in 2002. and now the weight of 2006, i saw signs. one day i came home and felt something i hadn't felt so pungent since i was at stanford university. i smelt the marijuana. but we live in a nation with two different justice systems. a bunch of guys smoking pot at stanford get a very different treatment from the law as people smoking pot in the inner-city. we know there is no difference in drug use between blacks or whites. but if you're black, you will be arrested for it about 3.7 times more likely to be arrested. and the kid that is arrested in places like i grew up or places like stanford, they will get out of jail. it treats you so much better if you are rich and guilty then poor and innocent. you have a kid that is arrested, a kid in my office the other day usage in jail weeks or months just waiting for your trial, often in solitary confinement. should you get out for doing things the last two presidents have admitted to doing, you face a felony charge were you can't get a job, can't get a pell grant. can't get food stamps, public housing. suddenly, your life options are constricted. what might've been humorous at stanford university was a crisis for me in the lobby. i'm going to intervene. i'm going to take these kids out. let's go to the movies. bad choice because i let them choose the movie to go to. i sat through a movie called saw 2. why they would make a 2, i don't understand. i took them to my favorite diner. guys that of been involved in the kind of activities. i was getting excited. but i got busy with the bigger mission. and i did not follow through with these kids. suddenly our was running for mayor again. in my mind, i thought to myself, i'm fighting the big battle. i would come home and the kids would still be in that lobby. they followed through by lifting me up. they will look at me and say, we got your back. they say, don't vote for me because your only 17. i came home and they had lawn signs. it was like a parade. they cheered me on. this time, it rose up from their energy and i was feeling high until i thought, where do they get those lawn signs? i won the election. and the fbi warned us that i had death threats. i had police officers stationed in the basement of our building. i was mayor now. housing authority was a partner of mine. i had influenced to do some good things with them but the police were always there. so the kids never hung out in the lobby. i decided i would be out there. i talked to people. every time i could, the violence was the biggest issue. it was august and i get called to a street corner. barely knowledge -- acknowledge the humanity that played out. i get home that night. i decided check the police stats for the day and i look to the police report for a murder and i stopped. the name i saw of the murdered boy was hassan washington. from my building. four floors living below me. the mayor, from my lobby. he was my dad in car net. -- incarnate. people that were there for him. mentoring him. lobbying him. he said he was the result of people who did not let him fail. i will never forget his funeral. i have been to too many funerals. it was down. it's like you're descending into the bowels of the ship. and there it was, a packed room. filed in on top of each other. a boy in a box. dead. and the world was not stopping and not taking notice. i was mayor of the city now. but nothing could reverse the truth of my failure. and i felt shame as i stood there and people walked to me for comfort. i'm embarrassed to admit this. i couldn't stay. i said, we got to get out of here. i jumped in my new nice suv and drove to city hall. iran up the stairs because i didn't want to have to look another person in the eye. i slammed the door to my mayor's office and sat on that new couch in that palatial room. and for the first time, not the last -- but for the first time, i sat there and wept. all i could think to myself is that i failed my father's legacy. wewe were crowded in that funerl home for that boy's death. but where were we for his life? [applause] but where were we for his life? [applause] i am proud of the people i get to serve every day. i am grateful, but i am telling you this now. all my life now close back to martin luther king boulevard. i have a great community. i may not have a community of great wealth. the median income in my neighborhood is $14,000 a person. but the richness of that community, i will never forget. they love me even when i did not deserve it. i will never forget waking up that morning after the death of another teenage boy, and walking out of my building into the lobby, d as i walked to the lobby, i just remembered that in the 1980's, julia jones son was slain in that lobby and she did not leave the building. the people whom a the most money were the people who lived there. she could have walked up but she did not leave. here i was feeling my pain and grief and i walked to the lobby and remembered she went through that and i come out of the lobby feeling like i am 100 feet underwater drowning, and there i see her. her back is turned to me. i stopped in the lobby and i look across at her and she must have heard my thoughts because she turned around and the blind woman looks at me and said nothing. all she does is do exactly what i needed. she opened her arms. i am 6'3", a big man. i scurried across the courtyard like a child and jumped up into her arms and she held me close, and she rubbed my back as i cried again on her shoulder and she started saying these two words over and over to me softly, whispering them into my ear. that is my message. the two words she said, that is the message i had. the people who want to surrender to cynicism, the refuge for cowards and people who do not want to fight. this is my message. for people who do not understand that hope does not exist in an abstract. hope is always a response to despair. hope is saying despair will not have the last word. this is my message to those who want to dismay about the current state of our political affairs. this is the message i have fat the people who forget where we come from, that we have been daniel in the lions den but we rose up, that we have -- [applause] -- joseph at the bottom of the well but we rose up. we have been tied down. ready for the sacrifice, but there was a ram in the bush. she rubbed my back over and over again. in her arms, she rubbed my back and see -- said two words. said stay faithful, stay faithful, stay faithful. [applause] i want to tell you now, remaining awake through a great revolution, said let me close by saying we have difficulties ahead for the struggle for peace. but i will not yield to a politics of despair. i will maintain hope as we come to washington in this campaign. the cards are stacked against us. this time, we really confront a goliath. we will be that david of truth, the goliath of neglect, refusing to deal of problems to make america not great again, to make a gift -- america truly great in the way it is called to be. i tell you now. we are not powerless. i was walking -- the most, way people give up the power is not realizing they have it in the first place. we cannot allow our inability to do everything to undermine our determination to do something. we cannot get caught up in the state of sedentary agitation where we are sitting on a couch so upset about what is going on, realized we have got to do something about it. this is the national action network. [applause] sen. booker: no action in the cause of justice, helping a child, mentoring a brother, speaking out and standing up, no action the matter how small and the cause of justice is ever wasted. we are here because of small asked -- acts of others. i and with a great poet who challenged us to end our words with actions, not just put your hand on your heart and pledge allegiance to ideals and not be willing to sacrifice. called on us to declare an oath, not with our words, but our actions. simply said -- "let america be america again. the land never has and yet but yet must be, where everyone is free, the poor man, the indian, the negro, who made america, whose sweat and blood and pain, who must make our mighty dream live again. america never was america to me but i swear this oath, america will be. langston hughes, may we make our nation great and real, not just for the powerful and privileged few, but the beautiful and dignified all. thank you. [applause] >> senator cory booker. give him another hand. [applause] rev. al sharpton: when dr. king was organizing in the south, his headquarters was in the middle of the black community. let make knowledge though before bringing in our next -- i must of knowledge -- acknowledge the head of our washington bureau who does tremendous work. she was the point person for this march on saturday that people saw all over the world. most are under 40 and she represents the personification of continuing the tradition of the king type movement, which the network unashamedly is. i want you to give a hand. [applause] ebony represents -- the bible goes on continuity. everybody thinks they have to do something new. what you do is be able to continue turning the wheel in a new way. because it works, and she rep sense that and we are proud of leadership and what she does. older staff members had tunes upstairs, probably breaking up his potatoes so he can eat it. ahead of our chapter of the unweighted, we are glad to have all of them. [applause] rev. sharpton: dr. king would share a building with the black radio station. when they were involved in the campaign, they would knock, wall , and tell them to drop their mike or lift the mic so he could talk and rally people around wherever he was going. we have come a long way. from somebody passing the mic out the window, and being able to communicate to black america only in a small amount. we were able to get some ownership. but no one perfected it more and took it more seriously than our next honor he, kathy hughes. -- honoree, kathy hughes. kathy hughes started with nothing. came to new york, came to washington, rather, and began on radio and by chance was able to take over a station she was on. she struggled, her and her son, who appeared with her the other day, the ceo, alford the third. they had to live in the radio station but she kept building. let us be honest. she not only had to face racism in terms of getting finances and bank loans. she had to face sexism from even black men who felt black women should not be at the level of is this that she was at. and that felt they were only something to date, particularly when you are as attractive as she is, rather than someone they had to sit across the table and take his nest. she for generations to come broke through the walls of sexism and racism and sits here today as the largest and undisputed communications person . there is no one black in the world that owns 58 radio stations and a television network. [applause] rev. sharpton: i checked my research because she will get appear and correct me. we have governments in africa that on that. this woman did it by wit and grace and determination and faith in god. and never ever forgot why she did it. her mission was to give voice to our community and our culture. when others ran from us, she ran to us. when others forgot us, she never let us forget ourselves. there would not have been a movement that has continued into the election of president barack obama and has reformed in some areas, had we not had a microphone, whether it was gina, trayvon martin, barack obama for president, police reform in staten island or ferguson, we had a microphone that was paid for by the sweat and blood of this woman. [applause] rev. sharpton: so we don't depend on others to tell our story. we can turn on the mic she has given us and speak for ourselves to ourselves. and even have the television network that even knows that you cast on the debris of time, unsung and tell their story. on tv one. it is with great pride that we award the woman who has taken us from silence and made the world hear us on adulterated and unmolested. the queen if you medication, the mogul media businesswoman, our voice, our godmother, still fine and still telling me that is enough, get off the stage, kathy hughes. [applause] kathy: first and foremost, i give praise and thanks to god, from whom all blessings flow. we give our great creator a round of applause. reverend al, thank you. i will take you on the road with me. i like that it reduction. senator booker, so touching. how brilliant. thank you, thank you, thank you. can we give him another big round of applause? i have got a lot to say. considering mr. booker used everyone's time -- [laughter] kathy: and we were happy to give it to you, ok? a couple of things i really want to say, particularly to you, reverend, alfred charles sharpton, mice -- my son's name is alfred charles. i do not believe in coincidence p i believe god creates pathways for us to cross in each other's life. i think when i was moved to name my son the same as your mother was moved to say you -- name you, i had a special bond with you that goes back even further than 25 years. i want to thank you for keeping the blueprint for activism alive . because of what you have done, because of how you used your life and how you used your blessings, black lives matter could come along and have traction. movements can be activated. i chuckled because president-elect trump wants to talk about what he is going to do. the one thing he has done is reactivated activism, ok? folks are awake now all right? so he has had his first major accomplishment because everybody is going to be on his behind. you kept the blueprint a live on how to effectively represent your community and get things done, make change. one thing to be upset and protest and protest. it is another thing to have a plan. everybody can identify the problem, particularly when it directly affects you. very few of us can come up with solutions on how to fix that so we do not keep repeating it. thank you. can we please give him a big round of appreciation applause? we love you, reverend al. so, yesterday, for the first time since my son, who is a lot younger than now, he spent the day in church with me because reverend al kept us in church all day yesterday with a program i have got to talk about for a moment, a partnership, our company and the university of phoenix. the university of phoenix has rooks -- brooke's nephew, totally committed to seeing to it that things change between the company he works for a lot of people do not realize, a lot of black folks attend the university of phoenix online because they work, and the university of phoenix is not like trump university. it is the real deal at the university of phoenix. you not only get a quality education, but you get a credential that other people recognize, which is very important. mr. jones identified -- the one we were in all day yesterday right across the street from the school is the middle school. he has identified if we do not catch future generations by the time we are in trouble. what they have also identified is the large number of teachers and classrooms, particularly in